Some feedback on the report you generated+printed
- there's a chance that a Commit's "identifier" could be a deterministic hash. Once a commit is made, it should be considered read-only. a commit is a set of Ops, and we might be able to hash the set of ops (of various kinds). commits depend on a parent commit (by ID/hash?) and we must sync/apply a commit in full to make sure things aren't screwy.
- what's a "location ID"? Locations are just owner+modules+name, basically some strings. is there an "ID" (UUID) relevant? Please don't take this as a "no" just think about it and follow up
- the changes mentioned in "References in Expressions" seem directionally good but: does it account for Builtin references? NameResolution's structure containing a broad FQTypeName allowed for resolved references to Builtins (via "Builtin.X" or whatever) and we do need some way to allow for such.
- which code would have the responsibility of identifying SCCs? What time in our distributed pipeline of dev stuff would that happen at? At commit-time or parse-time or something else? Btw, I wasn't thinking that commit ID would just be "additional context" for disambiguation, but rather the SCC identifier (if that's a thing? like the group hash or something) might be the commit ID (or the fact that we're wip). meaning -- until things are committed, they're all part of the same "group hash" and when they are committed, that's sort of the definitive "group." I'm not sure if that's a "solution" or a wandering thought or what, so please be critical here. Trying to do it this way is sort of messy, though -- when we add content, we want to be able to use a hash immediately --- yeah this doesn't make sense, because the hash(groupHash + itemFQN) hash couldn't be hash(commitID + itemData) because we _don't have_ the commit ID when the thing is being parsed. so, just answer the original question of responsibility/timing
- I like AddType and AddValue and AddFn being named such. the content should be the first field, hash second. I'm not a _huge_ fan of CreateName and UpdateNamePointer because: what if one person does a CreateName (in one branch or machine or something) and someone else does the same thing for the same location? Seems like we're going to end up syncing a few CreateNames for the same locatino or something, which feels weird. I think a broad SetLocation that can refer to _any_ kind of thing (pure fn, type, value -- later: secret, mutable value, or other) in a structural way might make sense. Some UnassignName def makes sense. I'm not sure how Move type operations should work. Certainly we do need some way to Deprecate package items (if deemed unsafe or unused or whtever).
- we can write all of the hash fns early on in phases. let's tease out any commits that can be done safely early, tested, merged, etc. and leave the hard stuff for when the lower stuff is stable.
- let's NOT do ContentHash = UUID. it really should be a string of some sort. Maybe a wrapped DU string, with one or more cases of the what it took to get tot htat hash. but probably just a String via a single-case DU wrapper.
- misc - keep in mind that some type changes in F# land (like to ProgramTypes.fs) may need corresponding changes in source .dark files in 'packages' 
- before committing, always: make sure F# builds, make sure packages reload, ./scripts/run-backend-tests (takes a few mins), `./scripts/formatting/format format`, and check in with me. oh also, `./scripts/run-cli help` should work fine.
- _never_ commit unless all of those things are done. as such, I'd do the 'core type changes' thing all in one commit. it's going to be big, but that's fine -- let's just make sure we do as much possible in a pre-commit to miminize the noise a tad
- I see you have a commit labeled "fix serialization" -- don't let any commit end in a broken state. again, I recognize that will make this PR include one huge commit, but so be it. as such, ok to make a lot of changes and then check for build errors at the end. I'd get LibExecution building before worrying about downstream files, though.
- for PackageHashes.fs -- how are we going to seed that file? the hashes are computed from structure... I wonder if referring to things, in that file, by location might make more sense. But, if location changes then we have some other issues... hashes would be ideal if reasonably possible, but I'm not sure we can easily solve for that problem, especially in a way that's not going to be annoying long-term
- does it make any sense to backup one .db for _your reference_ during this process? Idk.
- feel free to _rewrite_ our DB migrations (.sql) -- historical data doesn't matter anywhere. but you might have to delete the .db or something
- feel free to make drastic changes/rewrite to the mechanisms we have around "propogation" -- I'm not totally happy w/ how that turned out this iteration, and if there's a smarter way to do that all in this new modern world, great. 
- SCC frequency - not frequent, but 100% solve for it. Not sure how to best solve for it, but don't skip it.
- ignore the type provider commemnt -- if that's useful, we can tackle that in a future pr
- the NameResolution revision might be best as a seprate early commit
- yes, builtin references stays for F# builtins.