- actually -- if it'd help decrease scope notably, OK to punt the "package bootstrapping" stuff for now. I do want to do that, but are more considerations to make, I think. namely, need to paint how the sync works, how to deal with upstream _updates_ to the .db, etc.
- I'm not yet sold on the PackageReference<'resolved> shape. you don't yet account for builtins, the name itself says "Package", etc. I'd rename back to NameResolution and propose one or more real shapes that account for builtin refs where appropriate
- can you explain "for items within the SCC, serialie with name-refs instead of hash-refs"? I don't 100% understand and want to make sure we end with something I like. if that's just some "deterministic ordering" thing then we're good.
- put any/all Op-coupling notes in another .md doc, for me to tackle later if/when we allow for tidying ops in WIP before committing. remove from main doc
- the UnassignName and DeprecateContent ops can be punted for later, still, I think. just add them commented in PT.fs I guess
- SetLocation should have itemKind before hash
- what is item_hash in 'locations'? Oh I think item_type just needs to be the first col before that to make it clearer then we'll be fine
- right now we have a funny system where package values are 'filled in' (their RT dval thing) after the PT stuff is inserted, related to the multi-phase system of how packages are loaded from .dark files in a few phases. how will that be effected by all of this? package values should be 100% deterministic btw -- the pt should always yield the same RT dval given the consistent interpretation and such
- for PackageHashes.fs stuff -- another concern is: what about when the serialization/hashing strat changes later? if it does, which should be rare. then, those old hashes don't work. doing references by location seems less risky. we just need to make sure that something screams if there's a PackageHash reference pointing to nothing, I think. (on 'startup') (or maybe some localexec thing prob). ah but: how is that going to play out if I'm writing some F# code, trying to reference a package item that only exists (so far) in a branch. I want to create an F# binding, but the Location on 'main' doesn't point there "yet". maybe doing it by hashes is needed, and it's just a few-part dance or something. so maybe I'm back to "compute once, hardcode, verify by test"...
- at the start of phase 3, add a step to reconsider the plan of redoing propogation. that'll be a good stopping point, probably to cut off the PR before embarking. in any case, the bootstrapping stuff is kinda more important than that
- hashes -- anywhere they're visible, we need to be able to display a short (<=7chars) version. beyond thatI'll defer to your judgment there, or you can give me more data to make a more informed decision
- 